OAuth (#2989)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/src/how-to/install/oauth.md

# OAuth

If not configured, OAuth is disabled per default. OAuth can be enabled in the wire-server Helm as follows:

```yaml
brig:
  # ...
  config:
    # ...
    optSettings:
      # ...
      setOAuthEnabled: true
```

To use the OAuth functionality, you will need to set up a public and private JSON web key pair (JWK) in the wire-server Helm chart. This key pair will be used to sign and verify OAuth access tokens.

To configure the JWK, go to the wire-server Helm chart and provide the JWK information, as shown in the example below:

```yaml
# values.yaml or secrets.yaml
brig:
  secrets:
    oauthJwkKeyPair: |
      {
        "p":"8U9gI_...",
        "kty":"RSA",
        "q":"43dqC...",
        "d":"ixZk7x...",
        "e":"AQAB",
        "use":"sig",
        "kid":"QVapB_J...",
        "qi":"sYHbPsy...",
        "dp":"LFmnVNPW...",
        "alg":"RS256",
        "dq":"UXTY7...",
        "n":"1mnyGVT..."
      }
```

> Note that the JWK is a sensitive configuration value, so it is recommended to use Helm's support for managing secrets instead of including it in a plaintext values.yaml file.

Author: maybe reference how that support works, especially how it works in other places in this project?

Reviewer: I currently don't know how this works. What about a `FUTURWORK: fill in the details on how this works once we have implemented it for prod`?

Reviewer 2: This is specific to an individual deployment, and not even limited to the oauth secrets, but other secrets as well. It might be fine to explicitly point it out like that here, but how secrets are handled really is a case-by-case thing, and whoever deploys wire should form their own informed decision.

> Please keep in mind that OAuth is currently under development and may not be available for use yet. Once it is ready, you will be able to use the OAuth functionality by setting up the JWK as described above.

Author: ```suggestion
[2023-01-16] OAuth is currently under development and may not be available for use yet. Once it is ready, you will be able to use the OAuth functionality by setting up the JWK as described above.
```

this way whoever stumbles accross this knows which time window in the changelog to scan for updates on this.

### OAuth authorization code, access token, and refresh token expiration

The the OAuth authorization code expiration (default 5 minutes) and access token expiration (default 3 weeks) can be overridden in the Helm file as follows:

```yaml
brig:
  # ...
  config:
    # ...
    optSettings:
      # ...
      setOAuthAuthCodeExpirationTimeSecs: 300 # 5 minutes
      setOAuthAccessTokenExpirationTimeSecs: 300 # 5 minutes
      setOAuthRefreshTokenExpirationTimeSecs: 14515200 # 24 weeks
```

### Maximum number of active refresh tokens

The maximum number of active OAuth refresh tokens a user is allowed to have can be configured as follows:

```yaml
brig:
  # ...
  config:
    # ...
    optSettings:
      # ...
      setOAuthMaxActiveRefreshTokens: 20

> ```

Author: replace with a link to `reference/config-options.md`?  also, shouldn't the jwk setup be part of the reference docs as well, and this file only contains the story in broad strokes?

Reviewer: The issue I have with linking to `config-options.md` is that this refers to the helm charts and is relevant for side admins and the section in `config-options.md` refers to the local settings for developers in `brig.integration.yaml`. I am lacking of a good strategy to resolve this.
